Add docs for multi-process run in Kubernetes (#28317)
jax-ml/jax: docs/multi_process.md

are meant to be run on all processes simultaneously, after running
{func}`jax.distributed.initialize`.

> ### Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Kubernetes Example
```

> ### Kubernetes

Reviewer: Could you add your changes just after the sentence "Woohoo, look at all those TPU cores!"?

Author: done

Running multi‑controller JAX on a Kubernetes cluster is almost identical in spirit to the GPU and TPU examples above: every pod runs the same Python program, JAX discovers its peers, and the cluster behaves like one giant machine.

> 1. **Container image** – start from a JAX‑enabled image, e.g. one of the public JAX AI images on Google Artifact Registry ([TPU](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/cloud-tpu-images/us/jax-ai-image/tpu) / [GPU](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/deeplearning-images/us-central1/jax-ai-image/gpu)) or NVIDIA [NGC](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/jax) / [JAX-Toolbox](https://github.com/NVIDIA/JAX-Toolbox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Container image** – start from a JAX‑enabled image, e.g. one of the public JAX AI images on Google Artifact Registry ([TPU](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/cloud-tpu-images/us/jax-ai-image/tpu) / [GPU](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/deeplearning-images/us-central1/jax-ai-image/gpu)) or NVIDIA ([NGC](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/jax) / [JAX-Toolbox](https://github.com/NVIDIA/JAX-Toolbox)).
```

> 1. **Container image** – start from a JAX‑enabled image, e.g. one of the public JAX AI images on Google Artifact Registry ([TPU](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/cloud-tpu-images/us/jax-ai-image/tpu) / [GPU](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/deeplearning-images/us-central1/jax-ai-image/gpu)) or NVIDIA [NGC](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/jax) / [JAX-Toolbox](https://github.com/NVIDIA/JAX-Toolbox).

Reviewer: Would you mind using `[text][link]` style links instead and moving these URLs to the bottom of the file?

Author: done

                limits:
                  cpu: 1
                  # https://k8s.io/docs/tasks/manage-gpus/scheduling-gpus/
                  nvidia.com/gpu: null
              command: 
                - python
              args:
                - -c
                - |
                  import jax
                  jax.distributed.initialize()
                  print(jax.devices())
                  print(jax.local_devices())
                  assert jax.process_count() > 1
                  assert len(jax.devices()) > len(jax.local_devices())
```

Apply the manifest and watch the pods complete:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f example.yaml
$ kubectl get pods -l jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name=jaxjob
NAME                       READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
jaxjob-workers-0-0-xpx8l   0/1     Completed   0          8m32s
jaxjob-workers-0-1-ddkq8   0/1     Completed   0          8m32s
```

When the job finishes, inspect the logs to confirm that every process saw all accelerators:

```bash
$ kubectl logs -l jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name=jaxjob
[CudaDevice(id=0), CudaDevice(id=1)]
[CudaDevice(id=0)]
[CudaDevice(id=0), CudaDevice(id=1)]
[CudaDevice(id=1)]
```

> You should see identical device lists across pods, except that each pod reports a different local subset.  At this point you can replace the inline script with your real JAX program - just remember that every pod must run the same code in the same order once `jax.distributed.initialize()` has been called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every pod should have the same set of global devices and a different set of local devices. At this point, you can replace the inline script with your real JAX program.
```

I removed the comment about running the same code in the same order because we don't explain that until later in the article.
